Taj Atassi ExamBuilderGUI.java
ExamBuilderGUI is a Java swing application that is designed to build an exam
and show you how it appears. You can load an exam and add different types of
questions to the exam, shuffle it and export it to the format specified. You
can add and remove questions from the exam with ease, print the exam, and
save it to a location of your choosing.


Hamza Shahid ExamGraderGUI.java
In the following program, user is first asked to load a shuffled exam file.
After that, a window is displayed with multiple buttons that the user can
interact with. After user successfully loads a shuffled exam file, user then
has to press 'Load Answer File' button which will load the student answers to
the shuffled exam that was loaded earlier. After that user can press the button
'Print' which will print the score that the student got on each question along
with the total score as well as the shuffled exam. The user can then either
press 'Save to CSV' or 'Save to XLS' depending on how they want to save the
file.


Joshua Herman ExamTakerGUI.java
ExamTakerGUI is a Java swing application with the main functions of loading an
exam,  taking an exam, and saving an exam. The GUI will load an exam from the
user and prompt them for their name. Once completed the user has a choice of 7
buttons which allow them to: quit the exam, load an exam, get the directions
for taking the exam, skipping a question until the end of the exam, answering
a question, changing the answer of a question, and saving the answer to a .txt
file. When the exam is loaded the user will see the entire exam in a text box.
To load an exam find the .txt file on your computer and select it. Directions
for taking the exam are stated within the Directions button. To skip a
question it will prompt you what question you want to skip and then you will
see in real time in the  text box what question you skipped until the end. To
answer a question it will ask you what question you would like to answer, then
there are 4 possibilities of question to answer. For a numerical question
answer with a hundreth precision decimal value, for a short answer question
answer with a string of text, for a multiple choice single answer question answer
with the letter you choose for this question in text, for a multiple choice
multiple answer question answer with every letter you choose each separated by
a space. In order to change and answer press the Change Answer button and then
choose which answer you want to change then follow it by the new answer. To
save the answers you have put in so far ( changed answers will be only the most
recent answer you placed) press the save answers button and the user can choose
a .txt file they want to put it in. Lastly, if you want to quit the program
just press quit exam.

To run the program follow the dialogs and  choose a .txt file that has the
format supplied on homework 4. We have included a sample exam and answer file
for you to use.
